it's the fight
and that constant struggle
boys
for what
and nobody knows
it's the fight because it keeps us going
foot this fight which defines us as
to be in the fight that destroys us little
to little the fight the fight do not turn
crazy fight that makes us continue
you lose the fight to define us
how to be in the fight that destroyed us
the fight little by little the fight does not
go crazy the fight starts
conquering an egg you are the only one
that arrives at the site you born concurred with
good hosts but they are welcome
your first cry the sign of life from
you will fight for being greater than power
When you are older you will fight to be young
it is the instinct of the human race a
inexhaustible source to the others are the
that damaged the fight keep taking it with
patience you will have to overcome the sticks
of adolescence a misunderstood of
agile responses as you see the heel
of Achilles of teaching that's what
there is
You will fight to open a hole for being cool
and accept you in this continuum
Muay combat you will have to fight until
to buy them until help
because it makes us follow up this
struggle that defines us as soil in the
fight more that destroys us little by little
the fight the fight that drives you crazy
fight that makes us stand up is
the fight that defines us as soil in
the fight so that it destroys us little to
little the fight the fight that you go crazy
man struggles to defend his
lands getting to get the
injured cross the roads with
bars and raluy in response to hurricanes
tsunamis in the form of thousands of complaints
of victims struggling to survive
the catastrophes that have been sought
building there and friends exhaust
resources nature only the courses and
the resources while they fight for their
freedom locked up are only because
this society created without pillars does not
inculcated that there were values ​​of
failure education and is that the fight
part of life, they fight us for
live others are many that seems like a
irony but is that in these cases here
it is usually said the past does not forget
since it makes us continue in the struggle to
that defines us as a sole in the fight
that destroys us little by little the fight the
fight for you to go crazy
it is the struggle that keeps us going
foot is the fight that defines us as
luck in the fight to destroy us
little by little the fight the fight does not
go crazy again the fight and this
once for religion
juana disks train will go like the bull that
rammed and concludes that
God does not exist but it is that if there were
I would not forgive God if I wanted you
is what it was to dine out there with
That girl that you like and you despair
you are not at the beginning like the
feeling that gives you one you come back to
fight over time erase you feel
cheated and thinking that smoking is good
that does not account for the first
expiration in the toilet closes with
latch and open the window there is the fight
until you get bitten more rays and
puppet god crossed me at night
They are tacky but they are good
cars believes that with money everything can
get ready but by far the fight does not
something will come the fight since we
does remain standing in the fight what
defines us as luck in the fight more
that destroys us little by little the fight the
fight
that makes us continue our fight that
defines us as beings the fight more than
it destroys us little by little of fighting the
fight do not go crazy